

Inventory

Normal inventory stuff - items and equipment (can use consumbles)
Charms - separate and have a maximum amount you can use

Xp gained is like in Sil and you have Xp to next card too (granted by the gods) - so killing the same monsters over and over gets you less cards?
Although the monsters may drop some too

Things that breath give you a warning, they stop and start up before breathing, and then have to rest for a turn or two
	They can only breath every so often so if you get in quick then you can kill them before they breath again


Multiple counter-attacks from charms + equipment(does it reset with each attack or total for the turn?)

Effect
If a monster attacks and doesn't damage you last turn then X
	
Skill points can be re-assigned? Not sure might be interesting.
Or perhaps skills are reliant on equipment.
Mind you I like the idea of a skill system with points that you assign. Let's you build up a character gradually. Spells/prayers etc.
Could avoid the class/race stuff at the start perhaps....

Monsters have a AI field that tells the player what they are likely to do next (can't be sure as depends on what the player does)

Monsters that buff/debuff all actors adjacent/in los - makes for a lot of tactically interesting dynamics

Double move doubles charge effect if you move and attack in one turn

Counter gets attack pattern

Could AVOID consumables and use cards cleverly to restore SP and HP!!!! 
Can use cards to boost attacks or heal yourself instead perhaps or both with certain combos... could combine with actions you can perform (abilities, prayers etc.)

Interesting brogue design post
http://brogue.createforumhosting.com/on-the-outlandish-balance-of-brogue-t497.html

And in the Angband forums
http://angband.oook.cz/forum/showthread.php?t=5798&page=2

Card conbinations for restoring lost values - maybe the "attack" and "defence" values can be used as a "force" or "guts" that can be used in other ways - healing, restoring etc.
	Can boost the cards for attack or something else
	
	

Design - THIS DETERMINES THE WHOLE FEEL OF THE GAME - broguey or Sil-ly
	Broguey makes for more interesting games, but encourages start scumming
		Also prevents players playing the way that they want
	Sil-ly allows more depth and replayability - more experimentation and the ability to add more content via classes etc. later on
	Cards for skills? Or a skills tree?
		The first will mean that cards you find will determine your strategy whereas the second will mean the player gets to decide his strategy
		
Perhaps can find "skill cards" that you can use to boost your skills as well as levelling?
		
		
Relics instead of artifacts



Class/race differences

A nice "void" like appearing for unexplored areas

Total number charms you can hold
Bonuses to prayers/spells
Easier to learn new prayers/spells/melee abilities etc.
Start will skills already
Cause more damage through melee, spells etc.
More mana
More evasion
Natural armour
Starting gear

A randomly generated title screen would be cool (like that latin jobby)

Evasion versus absorption similar to Sil
	